# Introduction

Before starting CodeGen, please read this page at first.

To improve the abilities of data isolation and lightweight runtime, as you can see, we upgraded its launch logic from installation package to the portable software since 1.3.0.

It means you can carry all of these procedures and user data in the same folder everywhere every time, it's portable now!

The paragraph below will present how to start and stop CodeGen ToolBox step by step.

# How to start CodeGen service?

If you're using Windows operation system, please click **startup.bat** to start.

If you're using MacOS/Linux operation system, please click **startup.sh** to start.

# How to shutdown CodeGen service?

In general, you will see a black modal window after executing the script. (startup.bat/startup.sh)

Just simply close that dialog, then CodeGen will exit automatically. For more approaches that shutdown the CodeGen service expediently, we will consider proper solutions and upgrade its related logic in the following versions if possible.

# Can I replaced the integrated JDK with my favourite one?

Definitely, you can do that.

By default, we already provided JDK 1.8 as the default environment of CodeGen. If you switched to the higher or lower JDK runtime, we cannot guarantee that version will be completely compatible with these written logic codes and related dependencies though we think it's workable possibly.

# Is there more configuration I can adjust for CodeGen Toolbox?

Yes, we already provided the system boot configuration for you, it's named "system_boot.properties" and is located in the config folder.

By modifying that configuration file, you can achieve the following goals with ease:

- specifying the listen port
- specifying the app release version
- specifying the app access token (Too often, it's no need to modify since CodeGen will generate its token automatcially)

More options will be appended ASAP, please kindly stay tuned.

# Official Websites

Friendly reminder, please DO NOT download or upgrade CodeGen from any untrusted websites, it may bring unexpected latent risks to you, such as viruses, ADs, information leakages, etc.

We already released its client source code on Github, learn more please refer to the following links.

- Official Website: https://codegen.cc
- Github Repository: https://github.com/work7z/CodeGen
- Contact Developer: work7z@outlook.com

Last but not least, since CodeGen is still under the Beta version. If you encountered any kind of errors that you cannot handle, or you may have any suggestions for the next features of CodeGen, please send an E-Mail or just create an issue on the Github repository, we would be honored if you would like to help us to improve the software.
